[Magic Network Monitoring] Added new tile (#6108)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-network-monitoring/get-started.md

---
title: Get started
pcx_content_type: overview
weight: 2
---

# Get started

To begin using Magic Network Monitoring, complete the list of tasks below. If you are an Enterprise customer, Cloudflare can significantly accelerate the timeline during active-attack scenarios.

> If you are an Enterprise customer and would like to use Magic Network Monitoring and Magic Transit On Demand together, begin by [configurin gMagic Transit](/magic-transit/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an Enterprise customer and would like to use Magic Network Monitoring and Magic Transit On Demand together, begin by [configuring Magic Transit](/magic-transit/get-started/).
```

## 1. Verify NetFlow or SFlow capabilities

Verify your routers are capable of exporting NetFlow or sFlow to an IP address on Cloudflare’s network.

Refer to [Supported routers](/magic-network-monitoring/routers/supported-routers) to view a list of supported routers. The list is not exhaustive. 

Magic Network Monitoring supports NetFlow v5, NetFlow v9, IPFIX, and sFlow.

## 2. Register your router with Cloudflare

When you register your router with Cloudflare, your router links your NetFlow or sFlow data to your Cloudflare account.

> 1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **Magic Network Monitoring**.

Reviewer: I'd add a dash link here.

Author: done!
